♪♪ (JAPANESE THEME MUSIC)
Damn it... I can't just be here
relaxing like this.
How long do we have to stay
here?
[OHNOKI] Like I said...
(CURIOUS)
...in order to get out of
here...
you must find your "Heart
Stone,"
...the one that's yours
and yours alone.
But that's only possible-
"...for those with the will to
train."
That's what you were
gonna say, right?
[OHNOKI] All that you have
now...
is the desire to leave this
place.
However, if you realize
or learn something...
while you're here...
then you'll be able to obtain
the Heart Stone.
Ugh, that's so lame...
Who ever thought up a stupid
rule like that, anyway?
It seems to me that you
have a bad habit of...
only looking at things on a
surface level.
Well,... I suppose that
can't be helped.
After all, you didn't come to
this place...
with the intent to train.
(STANDS UP)
Yeah, it's fine. Just go to
sleep, Old Man.
Damn it! Why'd I have to stumble
into this stupid place.
Who's there?!
I'm the one who should be saying
that!
This is sacred Hidden Stone
land.
Which means that trespassers...
aren't welcome here, Boruto
Uzumaki!
How do you know who I am?
Stop pretending! How could you
possibly forget...
the Stone's Genbu Shinobi
Trio...?
...and the impression we made at
the Chunin Exams?!
Oh, that's right...
Come to think of it, there were
those three guys who got knocked
out in the first round.
What was that?!
All right, I'm going to make you
take those words back right now!
(CONFUSED)
Ready?!
Ultimate Genbu Secret Technique!
Ninja Art, Genbu Winter Wind
Emperor Formation!
Number 108, Release!
(FALLS)
Hey, uh...
...you cool, man?
Set a trap in advance with these
rocks, did ya?
Very smart, Boruto!
[BORUTO] Your nose is bleeding.
[OHNOKI] Hey, Boruto.
(STUNNED)
We need firewood...
L- Lord Third! This... this is
such an honor!
And to be able to meet you here,
of all places!
Hey, come on! You're only
talking to Old Man Ohnoki.
How dare you speak so insolently
to the legend
of the Hidden Stone!
Hey, wait a moment. Aren't
you...?
I'm Sekki of the Genbu Shinobi
Trio, sir!
Yes, of course, that's right!
But what exactly are you
doing here?
Thank you so much for asking,
sir!
I've been training here in the
Sanzu Plain all by myself,
searching for my very own
Heart Stone!
Ah, yes! I see, I see!
And, uh is your search going
well so far?
[SEKKI] Oh, yes, of course!
(STOMACH GROWLS)
You spent three days and nights
without food or water...
and didn't find it?
So what happened to all
your food?
I brought a whole lot with me,
but...
I'm afraid I ate it all
on the first day.
Nice goin', bud.
[SEKKI] So, Lord Third,...
What are you doing here with
someone like Boruto?
(ANNOYED) Okay.
(CONSIDERING)
I'd be happy to tell
you all about it if he won't.
This old man you have so much
admiration for got my friends-
[SEKKI] -out of danger?
He must've saved your friends
from some terrible fate, right?!
No way! That isn't what happened
at all!
Just leave it to the legend of
the Hidden Stone!
Man, he's so cool.
(ANNOYED)
(UNCERTAIN)
Listen, Boruto...
(ANNOYED) Hm?
Earlier, why didn't you--?
Because there's just no point in
telling the truth...
to a guy like that.
I mean, just look at him...
(STOMACH GROWLS)
I never imagined that trying to
find my Heart Stone...
would prove to be so
difficult...
He's never gonna find it, the
guy's completely hopeless.
[OHNOKI] Rest assured, Sekki.
You must not despair.
Boruto will help you locate your
Heart Stone.
I'll what?! Don't volunteer me
for stuff!
Will he actually be of
any use, though?
Are you kidding me?! Just shut
up!
If Sekki finds his Heart
Stone...
we may be able to exit along
with him.
So either you help him,...
or we're going to end up dying
here.
Ugh, you gotta be kidding me.
[SEKIEI] Seems her flesh is
deteriorating...
faster than anticipated.
Earlier, the Doctor said to
me...
if he can clone my heart, the
problem might be solved.
[SEKIEI] Is the analysis going
well?
It seems that the Curse Mark
on my heart is strong...
so it's going to take time.
Although, it should only take
one or two more examinations.
Mitsuki,... you coming here is
going to be our salvation!
All of us... owe you our lives.
What problem is that?
Extremely high-level
technology...
was used in the construction of
Mitsuki's heart.
Furthermore, a troublesome Curse
Mark is in the way.
Look, are you going to be able
to replicate it or not?!
Tell me the truth!
Possibly. But doing so will
require a certain part.
What is it?
What we're going to need is a
human heart.
One for each for you including
Sekiei and the others...
Which means five all together,
then...?
But the Master most likely won't
authorize...
the sacrifice of human
lives for this.
We would be wise to remember...
...that the whole reason we were
created was to protect humans,
who are weaker than us.
But that means...
eventually, Lord Ku, you and the
others will...
(SIGH) So you're
saying unless we survive...
...we aren't going to be
able to follow through...
with our job of protecting
humans.
But still... taking anyone
from the Hidden Stone
would be far too conspicuous.
What else can we possibly do?
(RUNNING)
(ANGRY GROWL)
(WEARY)
(ATTACKING)
Earth Style: Mountain Jutsu!
(ATTACKING GROWL)
(HEAVY BREATHING)
I must reach the Leaf... I need
to tell Naruto about this!
(SHOCKED)
(FRIGHTENED)
(ATTACKING)
(sSWINGING ATTACKS)
Who are you?!
(CONSIDERING) Nope, that wasn't
it.
Does this thing even really
exist?!
It's hard to believe that such a
special stone...
is just lying around here!
It's not just about its
appearance, y'know, Boruto?
The hardship that you endure...
and the effort you put into
finding the Heart Stone...
are what gives it value.
The effort I'm putting in,
you mean.
C'mon, don't get so riled up!
(SIGH) (DRINKS)
Hey, stop! Go easy on the
water, would ya?!
I know! But they say that thirst
makes you lose your
concentration.
Listen, you've really gotta quit
making excuses for everything!
(SIGH) We're never gonna get out
of here....
Nope... This one's not it,
either!
Hey, how about this one? It's
sparkly and looks special.
That isn't even close to it!
Hey!
Didn't I say it's not
about how it looks?!
Dude, what's with the stuck-up
attitude?
You just have to pick one of
these
to be your Heart Stone, right?
The shape, or the effort, or
whatever...Just do it.
My late granny used to tell
me...
that you'll know the real one
when you hold it in your hand.
No matter what...
I'll find my Heart Stone, and
become the Tsuchikage!
Seriously? You wanna become
Tsuchikage?
Don't you think that you're
aiming a little too high, there?
Don't be arrogant!
Don't underestimate me...
or my ultimate technique will
spew fiery flames at you!
Yeah, cool, have fun with that.
(BUILDING POWER YELL)
And anyway, look...
I was told you can't use
jutsu or infuse chakra here.
No problem!
My Ultimate Genbu Secret
Technique...
...doesn't require chakra! Get
ready!
Ultimate Genbu Secret Technique!
Ninja Art, Genbu Winter Wind
Emperor Formation!
Number 108, Release!
Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow,
ow!
Oh boy.
(COCKY CHUCKLE) You just
got lucky!
If I didn't get dust in my eye
just now, you'd be dead!
Like I told you earlier...
you gotta stop making excuses
for everything.
(CHUCKLE) You narrowly escaped
death, Boruto.
Make sure you put some
ice on that.
[SEKKI] Oh please, I'm fine!
(CURIOUS)
Ow, ow, ow! Ooh, my poor
back...
Are you okay, old man?
What happened?
I dozed off on a boulder and
almost fell, and then...
I don't think that we should
leave you alone anymore!
Where does it hurt? Here?
Ow, ow, ow! Boy, that smarts!
No, not there! You're not
helping!
Okay then, where is it?
Is it right here?!
You're gonna kill meee!
Cut it out, Boruto. You're only
gonna make it worse doing that!
(RELAXED SIGH) You're very good
at that!
Well, my granny also had issues
with a bad back.
I'd give her a back rub every
night.
Yeah, you mentioned your granny
before...
Granny was always worried that I
still hadn't found
my Heart Stone. Before she
died...
...I really wish that...
...she could've seen me as a
full-fledged shinobi.
(SOBBING SNIFFLE)
My dear Sekki, you have to
remain patient.
You must keep on believing in
your will.
Yes, sir!
[SEKKI] So? How do you feel,
Lord Third?
Oh, my, my! It's been ages
since my back's felt this good!
It's as though I've grown
feathers and could fly away!
Calm down! Take it easy, old
man!
Or you'll just end up
throwing it out again!
(PLEASED LAUGHTER)
(CURIOUS)
Security's really tight.
Just what could they be hiding,
I wonder...?
I've gotta think of a way!
Just what do you think you're
doing?
[KU] Rejoice...
You're fortunate enough to
have been chosen...
to help us complete our plans.
I don't recall agreeing to
anything. Damn it!
Accept your fate. If you're a
true shinobi...
you must be prepared to die for
a mission...
isn't that right?
(ALARM SOUND)
(CONCERN)
Just continue. I'll go see
what's going on.
(FRUSTRATED)
What-?!
Now... just relax and take a
nice deep breath.
Then, you'll just drift
off to sleep.
(PLEASED)
(CURIOUS)
That's-!
Yeah. Shadow Strangle Jutsu.
(SHOCKED) You stopped your
breathing by choking yourself!
(WOOZY)
Guess I still inhaled some...
(CONFUSED)
What's going on?
It seems to be a malfunction...
Search thoroughly to see if
there's anything unusual!
(GROAN)
[SEKIEI] Master Ku! Bad news!
What happened?
Kirara's genjutsu has--!
Kontsuchi, sir!
What happened?!
We heard a noise and rushed
over. He was unconscious.
All right. Hey, if this works...
it'll be a piece of cake from
here on out.
Who could be doing this?!
What do we do?
We can't afford a commotion in
the village now.
(HEAVY BREATHING)
Hey, Boruto...
Do you really believe that there
is such a thing
as a Heart Stone?
Come on, Sekki! Don't be such a
wimp, all right?!
I mean, who do you think I'm
doing all this for, anyway?!
Yeah, I know that, it's just...
Well, I guess that this
stone will just have to do.
But are you sure that one's
really okay?
(HEAVY BREATHING)
Would you truly be able to tell
your granny...
you found the right one?
This isn't it!
Ow! What is wrong with you?!
You don't search for it with
your eyes.
What's that, Lord Third?
Inside of every person's heart
is a stone...
that belongs only to them.
You see, what's really
important is...
What's important is the Will
of Stone inside you.
What, Lord Tsuchikage?
[TSUCHIKAGE] Just as I can with
an ordinary rock...
I can also tell the worth of
someone's will...
just by looking at them.
Ohnoki...
Hidden within the will you
possess...
is the power to change
the entire world.
But if you aren't careful...
I worry that precious will of
yours may disappear...
It'll disappear...?
Its barriers!
As you continue to run into
various barriers...
you may abandon your will, make
excuses...
or perhaps even replace it with
hatred.
"Make excuses... or even
replace it with hatred?"
Listen well... This is the one
thing that you both must sear
into your hearts...
Making excuses...
...cannot be excused!
A stupid pun?!
How dare you, Boruto?!
Good grief!
Listening to that stupid pun
made me dumber and thirstier.
Hey, Sekki! Gimme that water!
Come on! This thing's empty!
Sorry...
No, let's go! We're filling this
thing back up!
I was gonna save you some,
but... I mean, you know...
If you always keep glossing over
things...
...then you're never gonna be
able to achieve your goals.
But, well I...
You plan on making excuses all
your life?
W- When it's time to buckle
down, I do! Like with...
You mean that Ultimate Technique
that never hits the target?
Enough! Shut up!
If my punches miss,
...that just means, uh, when
they do strike...
it'll probably be totally
awesome!
Huh?!
Do you. uh, hear yourself?
What if...
you're actually right and my
technique has no effect...
...then I have no reason to
believe that I...
can win even if I do hit the
target!
Hey, listen to me...
You just don't understand,
Boruto!
(GASP)
W- What's wrong? Are you mad
at me?
Sekki!
(SHOCKED)
(DETERMINED)
Just run!
(FRIGHTENED)
(GROWLS)
Ow, my nose!
Oh, no!
Granny, help me!
(DETERMINED)
Aw man.
What?!
(FRUSTRATED)
(SURPRISED)
I told you to get out of here!
Believe me, I wanted to, but...!
Damn it! If I could use jutsu,
we wouldn't be stuck here!
What now, Boruto?
Without infusing chakra, there's
nothing I can do!
What is it?
Sekki, your Ultimate Technique.
It doesn't need chakra, right?
Yeah, but... it's useless.
I've never been able to...
More excuses?
(GUILTY)
[BORUTO] Let's go!
(DETERMINED)
Sekki, jump!
Go!
Making excuses, cannot be
excused!
(SHOCKED)
My first Genbu Winter Wind
Emperor Formation hit!
This is it!
Boruto, check it out! I found
it! My Heart Stone!
You see? This side looks like my
late Granny's profile!
(CHUCKLE)
Well, if you say this is
really the one...
then I'm happy for you.
Well done, Sekki!
Thanks, Lord Third!
See, Granny? I did it! I
finally found my Heart Stone!
The stone's glowing!
(GASP)
That path must be the way outta
here, Lord Third!
Hey, Sekki, hold up! Wait!
This way, Boruto!
Whoa, we really made it out!
Of course! Why, did you doubt
we would?
(RELIEVED SIGH) Thank
goodness!
Hey, Lord Third!
Uh... Boruto? Lord
Third!
I don't think that guy's gonna
lose his way anymore.
What do you say, Old Man?
(affirmative) Mhm.
So, what are we gonna do now?
Got a plan?
(CONSIDERING)
Master Ku.
Kontsuchi has now regained
consciousness.
And there are shinobi gathering
at the Tsuchikage's Office.
It won't be long until they
figure out the situation...
with Kurotsuchi.
[KU] Wake those two up.
It looks like we're going to
have to take control...
of the Hidden Stone Village.
Boruto,... you're missing the
entire point of all this!
We don't have any desire to hurt
anybody.
All that we want to do is create
a world...
where everyone can live happily.
You really expect me to believe
that?
Look, Boruto...
...bear with me just a little
longer.
[OHNOKI] There's something I
want to show you...
♪♪ (JAPANESE END CREDITS)
[BORUTO] Where exactly are you
taking me, Old Man?
[OHNOKI] You'll find out soon.
It's just a little further.
[BORUTO] Earlier, you told me...
you wanted to create a
world where everyone
can live happily.
So, what was that all
about, ya know?
[OHNOKI] The place where we're
going...
is the ideal spot to help you
understand everything.
Next time on "Boruto: Naruto
Next Generations..."
"Kozuchi's Will"
[OHNOKI] I must carry on
Kozuchi's will...
and fulfill his wish!